README.md, before:

# fis_landing_page
Repository for landing page

## Completed tasks:
### Week 1:
- Create a landing page, with a function to toggle between English and Vietnamese
  - Examine the current landing page to see what is to be included
  - Research how to toggle between langauges using JS
  - Make a basic framework for the new landing page
- Translate the Vietnamese to English
- Implemented function to toggle between langauges

### Week 2:
- Implemented video in modal
- Added smooth scrolling
- Added brochure to the site
- Implemented the forms into the site proper using google app sheets
- Added actions (alert, reload) after form successfully submits the information

### Week 3:
- Added image scrolling to section 8 using Owl Carousel
- Removed video modal, replaced with video element
- Added input check to forms

## Tasks to be done:
- Improve overall look of the site (In progress)
- Double check the translations (In progress)
- Referrence templates and take inspiration from them for the designs (In progress)
- Add in text decorations (if any)

Commit message:

Improved page jump
- index.html: added script for page jump
- README.md: updated README.md

README.md, after:

# fis_landing_page
Repository for landing page

## Completed tasks:
### Week 1:
- Create a landing page, with a function to toggle between English and Vietnamese
  - Examine the current landing page to see what is to be included
  - Research how to toggle between langauges using JS
  - Make a basic framework for the new landing page
- Translate the Vietnamese to English
- Implemented function to toggle between langauges

### Week 2:
- Implemented video in modal
- Added smooth scrolling
- Added brochure to the site
- Implemented the forms into the site proper using google app sheets
- Added actions (alert, reload) after form successfully submits the information

### Week 3:
- Added image scrolling to section 8 using Owl Carousel
- Removed video modal, replaced with video element
- Added input check to forms
- Fixed empty space at tabs button using flexbox container
- Improved the jump to anchor function (url is now unchanged when jumping to part of page)

## Tasks to be done:
- Improve overall look of the site (In progress)
- Double check the translations (In progress)
- Referrence templates and take inspiration from them for the designs (In progress)
- Add in text decorations (if any)
